readme.md, before:

# Theme Claim

> Rename a WP theme with a quick cli walk-through.

[![Version][version-badge]][npm]

[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/theme-claim.svg?style=flat-square
[npm]: https://npmjs.com/package/theme-claim

## Install

```shell
$ yarn add theme-claim --dev
```

## Usage
### In a terminal
```shell
$theme-claim --help

	Usage
	  $ theme-claim --config=<path>

	Options
	  --config=<path>  Path to config [Default: ./themeclaim.json]

	Examples
	  $ theme-claim --config='./build/conf.json'
```
### Or in a `package.json` `script`

```json
"scripts": {
  "rename": "theme-claim",
}
```

Run the `"script"`

```shell
$ yarn rename
```

By default, the config is set up for use with an _in the works_ [starter theme](https://github.com/justintadlock/abc).

To rename any other theme, create a `themeclaim.json` and place it in the root of your theme with the following contents.
Change the data to match your current theme data exactly _(this is the data you're wanting to change)_.

```json
{
	"from": {
		"Name": "Mythic",
		"Description": "An awesome starter theme for WordPress.",
		"Namespace": "Mythic",
		"Uri": "https://themehybrid.com/themes/mythic",
		"Author": "Justin Tadlock",
		"AuthorEmail": "justintadlock@gmail.com",
		"AuthorUri": "https://themehybrid.com"
	}
}
```

Commit message:

add flag for adding a file to ignore

readme.md, after:

# Theme Claim

> Rename a WP theme with a quick cli walk-through.

[![Version][version-badge]][npm]

[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/theme-claim.svg?style=flat-square
[npm]: https://npmjs.com/package/theme-claim

## Install

```shell
$ yarn add theme-claim --dev
```

## Usage
### In a terminal
```shell
$theme-claim --help

	Usage
	  $ theme-claim

	Options
	  --config=<path>  Path to config [Default: ./themeclaim.json]
		--ignore=<path>  Specify an additional file or glob to ignore

	Examples
	  $ theme-claim --config='/build/conf.json' --ignore='**/*.ignore'
```
### Or in a `package.json` `script`

```json
"scripts": {
  "rename": "theme-claim",
}
```

Run the `"script"`

```shell
$ yarn rename
```

By default, the config is set up for use with an _in the works_ [starter theme](https://github.com/justintadlock/abc).

To rename any other theme, create a `themeclaim.json` and place it in the root of your theme with the following contents.
Change the data to match your current theme data exactly _(this is the data you're wanting to change)_.

```json
{
	"from": {
		"Name": "Mythic",
		"Description": "An awesome starter theme for WordPress.",
		"Namespace": "Mythic",
		"Uri": "https://themehybrid.com/themes/mythic",
		"Author": "Justin Tadlock",
		"AuthorEmail": "justintadlock@gmail.com",
		"AuthorUri": "https://themehybrid.com"
	}
}
```
